how would you like to help me deal the
next generation of super weapons to the
world the weapons up tomorrow I've
already made quite a few of these dandy
little toys do you really want to be the
only ones without my kind of firepower
terrorizing our cities today officers
down
we got a big problem here now to protect
those fella who can't fight back gang
still messing with him worse than ever
one man must stand up for the people
maybe the police on enough maybe we need
a new kind of firepower for ourselves
don't you think what exactly am I
supposed to be doing here we make our
own account of weapons to take out the
ones in the streets to stop an enemy
without hurting them and become a new
breed of hero might get a little
dangerous I laugh at danger
I figure out danger like a Soul Train
dancer with a will of iron a heart of
gold and a body of steel this hammer
table for the magnetic personality
we gotta admit the guys got style
should kilo do
ready go the Batcave steel man I could
be robbing no no what you can do it all
anything don't tell grandma